inian kids never give up and we will
achieve our dreams these messages of
Hope from three pupils from Gaza Yara
Rafa and Malak were filmed in Belfast
last year let go they look in at
different places they were involved in
an education theater project that
connects hundreds of children with
teachers from around the world that was
before the war
started the Ministry of Health is
receiving calls about those missing this
number has reached ,
660 including
1,270 children under the
reubel now contact has been lost with
theara and all of their homes have been
destroyed a lot of people we just don't
know where they are unwa staff have been
killed Ministry of Education staff have
been killed uh the Islamic University
which is one of the places which trains
Main Place which trains teachers in in
Gaza has been bombed it's a disaster I
really don't really have any words for
describing the the impact this is going
to
have the UN says nearly 250 schools have
been bombed while hundreds of thousands
of people made
homeless it says schools are not a
[Applause]
Target another Palestinian Music Arts
company has also now changed course from
training musicians and amplifying their
voices and concerts and music videos to
this um I decided to record this video
as you now can hear
the the
Rockets they still have hope and they
still have dreams and they still want to
um uh think of a better of a brighter
future where they can um write music and
write songs and and formform it to the
whole world and present Palestine
because um it is a place as as ugly as
the circumstances are in Gaza especially
now it is a place that is full of beauty
and full of
creativity as bombs turn buildings to
Rubble diggers start what people
finish I don't think the humans on Earth
are so bad I'm lucky the teachers say
they hope to see these children again
but also that the war is a devastating
setback for those who survive loran
alzer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer